
1) Explain REST and RESTful:

REST: Rest is a style  of software architecture, it's about client-server communication based on Http protocol  
RESTful:Web services based on the REST architectural style uses URI and http methods (CRUD)


2) Explain the architectural style for the creation of a web API (client server communication, formatting language, etc.)

The client requests a specific ressource from the server which does not have any information about
the client then the server responds to that request under the form Json or XML which aims to
tansmit structured data over a network connection using Http protocol.

3) Explain HTTP requests types when used with RESTful web (GET, PUT, POST, etc.)

GET: resuest that aims to obtain or read data and not to modify it. If the ressource is found on the server Http Response will be 200(OK) else 404(NOT FOUND)
it could return also 400(BAD REQUEST) if the GET request is not well formed.
PUT: request  used to update an existing ressources.if the update is successeful the http response is 200(Ok)
POST: request used to create a new ressource. if the ressource is well created the http Respense will be 201(Created)
DELETE: request used to delete ressource.if the ressource doessn't exist the http Response is 404 (NOT FOUND) else if it is deleted 200 (OK)

4) Explain the difference between stateless and stateful protocol. Which type of protocol is HTTP ?

In stateless protocol there is no record of the state is saved at server end.Client send request to the server and server response back according to current state.
A stateful protocol is a protocol which is able to remember and store details of the interactions by keeping track of the connection information.
=> Http is a stateless protocol
5) Explain the difference between a GET and a POST (like how are sent the parameters)
In Get method , parameters are send on the url 
In POST method,  parameters are saved in the request body and do not apprear in the url

6) You can’t work out how to solve a coding problem. What do you do to find the answer?

1. I try to understund the general context of the problem
2. Extract the different fonctionalities that I must work on.
3. Identify Problem's functions 
4. Thinking manually about the solution
5. Adding logs  and analyse the result
6. Adding breakpoints and debbuging code to find the reason of the problem
7. Searching solutions on Internet (Forums,StackOverFlow,Github...) 
8. Asking for help 